Matthew Beatty and Regan Bell
CS50 Fall 2014
12/7/14


Our final project is an iOS application that allows the user to search the Harvard course catalog. Our project is a direct relative of CS50 Courses and uses the CS50 Courses API to retrieve data about all the courses (all with the Q data). All of the code for our project is available online at https://github.com/ReganBell/coursica. As an iOS app, XCode is necessary to run our project.

We built our app with ease of use in mind, so using the app to search for courses is quite simple. The app, on the first load, retrieves the Harvard courses data and Q data from the CS50 Courses API and then opens to a list of all the courses in the Harvard course catalog. Scrolling through the list of courses allows the user to see all of the options. If interested in a course, the user can click on the course from the main course list, and that will open a window with a more detailed view of the course.

A course's detail page contains the title of the course, the course description from the Harvard course catalog, the instructor(s), the meeting times, the location, its Q data and comments, and any notes or General Education requirements that the course fulfills. The different Q data of the courses overall, difficulty, and workload ratings can be selected to be displayed on a graph by clicking a button beneath the graph. At the bottom of the page is a button to view the Q score comments for the score. Clicking the button opens a new view that lists all of the comments for the class.

The app also allows the user to filter the courses in the main course list in order to find course information more efficiently. The top right button of the main course window, a search icon, opens a filters page which allows the user to filter the search results by a variety of options.

There is a general search bar at the top of the filters page in which to search by course name, faculty, field, or catalog number. Below that is the option to select the semester of the class along with the course's level (undergraduate or graduate). The filters page also allows the user to search by General Education requirement, displaying in the main course list all courses that satisfy that requirement. Below the Gen. Ed. requirement options, are sliders to select ranges for the Q scores for the class. The user may select any range from 0 to 5. Multiple filters can be applied at once.